Hallo zusammen.
Hi hi.
Hi, Yakup?
Moin.
Hey.
Hallo.
OK, everyone's here, then let's start.
Joachim,
do you have any progress on D bucks that
P3 raised on when, uh, on Friday?
Mhm.
There is a version deployed that works
may be not under all circumstances.
My problem with the moment is that lot of
bugs are missing the statement to
reproduce it.
Still a problem from me.
Can you basically say which ones and just
post them in the chat and I will take
care of that we get their reproduction
statements.
Mhm.
Put it in the buck now in the issue.
Can you take me then I know directly
where they are, which you mean?
OK, I will send you.
Thanks.
So almost all bucks,
none of this has a statement inside.
But most.
With some error messages,
it's clear what's the problem is.
But with others,
it's not clear for under certain
circumstances.
The action works.
I already tested this.
So we have to see what's the coron.
Evil.
What's the actual constellation is?
Yeah,
just uh one information that uh on some
OK.
of the uh books probably need to double
check,
but uh the uh if we use different data,
we are getting the same error.
Uh So for example,
if uh we've sent probably one query,
it will be.
Breaking with every other data,
so probably we can double check this
after the meeting.
Mhm.
And also just to point out, I mean,
like another book that we have discussed
to talking about the WAIT VSP and VSP not
being updated.
It's It's not bound to particular
database co. I mean,
it's something which we're just noticing
that.
The transport orders and the true points
are returned without VSP, BSP and Wait.
I mean, it's no basically.
So I mean for this particular I think,
like I'm not sure exactly what it's
cosing it behind the scenes like in the
database.
I can provide you just a like a statement
to select from the database,
but it's not it's not troving.
It's just returning no values and I think
that mean for such things we can't
provide exact statements because it's not
something which a statement is troving is
rather the internal logic.
So I I don't see how we can provide a
statement for such cases.
But then we need to pay law or the
arguments or what server.
So we had this morning that we are
providing a SQL statements to Joachim to
make it as easier as possible to deep
bucket,
but we need way more than just a
screenshot. We need parameters, arguments,
values,
watsoever that Joachim does not have to
deep dive into the Google over toever.
But that's really necessary.
The Jason structure delivers for each
took point pick up.
Up.
Waits and.
And pellet places.
So I'm not quite true where they are
missing.
And on which state of process it's it's
lost.
Exactly,
exactly this is my point I mean for a new
dispo from DUI we are using we are using
just like this view which is provide for
us for example I can tell the name of the
view I can give you the select statement
which we are using there when.
This is what we can but like I I really
can't point to the exact point where this
is this is like going wrong because it's
a I would assume it's an internal logic
systems has to do with calculations.
So if.
Even this TO2 point has such information.
Yeah,
but if when I when we look up like the
the the
We have such bug log that when we
retrieve the true points,
like for a particular view,
there with weight 0,
VSP 0 and BSP 0 as well,
which is not the case actually.
We have like some legs and lots assigned
there.
So are we talking about the same level of
entry?
We start with SQL statements for whatever
is relevant. Procedure calls,
selects on views.
That's our constants on the layout, right?
And if we use the exact same IDs,
we should talk about the exact same bugs.
which are discussed in the chat we opened
up.
Because it sounds like your Joachim
cannot reproduce it because he maybe uses
different IDs.
Is that guaranteed that we talk about the
exact same level and IDs?
Well,
it's reproducible for all of the shipment,
Töppe.
all of the transport orders with the two
points. So regardless which ID we use,
it's there.
Yeah, after you can show me an example,
and...
Sure, sure, yeah, I will, I will.
That's fine, I mean, yeah.
And so we know which data source is
responsible.
Should collect the data, and...
K.
All right,
should we do this after this call in a
The.
separate one?
Of course.
Makes sense, in my opinion.
Okay, great.
But most importantly,
regarding the tool calculation bug,
did you have any progress on this one?
The same problem, 2 calculation.
Oh, is this okay?
In my test cases, it worked.
And there were no new...
Okay.
Um...
No new.
Um...
Corrections in place.
Since last Friday.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, that,
but we observe like the calculation
endpoint is actually returning values.
This is something which I think Joachim
has fixed indeed.
So this is returning values.
The issue that we're observing is just
with the no for weight and the no for VSP.
So yeah,
this is what we are observing right now.
Basically,
like once we resolve those issues,
hopefully in the call after this meeting,
then it should be working as expected.
Maybe it makes sense to close a bug and
not to,
for it solved one specific problem.
And if another problem arises,
we make a new bug.
And not to reopen the same one.
Or it's, for me,
it's more logical to see that there's a
Okay.
new issue and not to ask myself whether
the old one still exists.
Then the question is...
Okay, then the question is,
could you write a comment to this one and
I can open up a new ticket and close this
one and write down what you have fixed.
So it is clear to us what has been
changed and what we can expect.
Is that fine?
He did already post a comment.
Ah, okay. Great.
Mmh.
Okay.
Can we also maybe raise the logging level
so that we have a full end-to-end?
Chain of everything.
Connected via trace ID.
Or is that in the lock already? Of course,
it's bad practise to have SQL in locks,
but for now, debugging wise,
it would probably help.
And you can have a selection in G Cloud.
and get the whole string of calls in one
go.
Do we even, I mean,
it would probably be a little addition in
the bridge, for example.
To lock these things.
For me, the statement,
the concrete statement,
Okay.
would be very helpful. Otherwise,
it causes a lot of work for me.
Yeah, I mean, exactly that.
You could have the trace ID, however,
made public in the UI or in the console
log in the browser or whatever,
and we can copy that one and go to the
logs and get the full log out of GCP.
and then have the select statements
immediately available.
Or statements, several usually.
I mean,
logs usually bring you forward the most,
right? They reduce communication effort.
That's, I think,
what we need in the next two days.
to be more efficient as a team.
Let's look at that.
Okay,
but let's continue regarding the bugs in
Yes.
the follow-up call,
because I think we have other topics as
well.
The Frank for everyone.
Of course.
Yakup.
Okay, then, one issue we have found.
For while testing UAT and if it is,
if it works, so regarding your question,
Matt.
Boyan, please correct me if I'm wrong,
but we have deployed our app to UAT and
it works.
The database is reachable and we have
tried that, correct, Boyan?
Yeah,
the team is the UIT database is reachable
from from UIT, as soon as, like,
we have we have it, like,
we conclude the ABN testing,
and we we like deploy the migrations to
UIT, it should be ready for for testing.
Okay.
Nice, OK, good.
Then we have missed one thing regarding
entry ID.
We are missing the configuration.
And there's it looks like there's no
redirect to included for this URL.
For you, AT Max.
Yes.
I thought you guys were using key clock.
Yeah, yeah,
but the the key clock should be
Yeah, we are you.
configured with the enter ID,
and I'm trying to configure it like in
Boom!
test and prod,
but it says an error because the there is
a redirect URL is not configured on the
enter ID for the UAT.
What is it on for test?
Is it the same value or a different value?
Yeah, yeah,
I'm using the same for as for test,
but on the entry ID configuration site,
there should be done something.
I will send you a screenshot.
Just a second.
I imagine it's a group or something,
a client ID that needs to be settled.
Is there just,
is there any reason why we can't just use
the test, the current test key clock?
Why are we,
why have we got a separate instance of,
because it's UAT really,
and key cloaks and SSO isn't it?
Ah.
Yeah,
but we have a separate deployment for the
keyboard for the UAT.
Yeah, no, but what, what,
what advantages is that giving us?
Lang.
No, it's just...
It's not advantages,
it's just a convention.
We have these virtual environments in the
project. That's the.
Yeah, yeah, I know that,
but everything's in the same project.
Yeah.
I understand why we have a separate new
disposition and there's obviously a new
separate bridge, but...
The point I'm saying is,
is you're connecting to exactly the same
enter ID.
What's the what's the relevance of
duplicating the key clock?
For the could we not just create an SSO
group individually in Keycloak that says
ABN and UAT? Would that not be easier?
Or,
would we still need to do the same stuff,
Andrej?
These can, of course, be discussed.
Well, whatever's easiest,
I think is the term, I think.
What people?
Because if you're reading off enter ID
already, and if, for example,
the same people are accessing ABN,
UAT and ABN, sorry, and UAT.
Just test systems.
Thank you.
Originally,
it was supposed to be exactly the
opposite, different people or environment.
That's the purpose why we have them,
right?
OK, well, we can create a group,
create a group.
That works.
I think we don't insist on having some
real anxiety flowing.
No.
I think no one has our feelings here,
just get it work.
Yeah, we can.
So, for that approach,
who would need to act in which way?
Yeah.
We need that.
I need to have a...
Nikolay can show me what he needs.
I can have a look at the and drive and
Bye.
see what is missing there.
Yeah.
Can you cheque the chat,
or you don't see it?
Okay.
The.
I have posted the screenshot there, the...
And that is pre-sign in or post-sign in.
When does that error pop up?
Looks like free sign in.
Pre-sign in, okay.
It's not a client,
it's not got set up then in the...
So key cloak pushes to enter,
is that what it does?
Is there also something created in Entra
for this request then?
Yeah.
I think that's where we're getting to,
Ron. I don't think it will be,
Yeah.
not for you AT.
If no one has created something in enter
for you, then there is no endpoint.
Yeah.
Basically,
also no redirect point is there to be
made then. OK, we'll have a look at it.
Yeah.
Yes.
Ron, while you're doing the investigation,
can you look to see if there's one for
prod?
Do we know if there is one for product or
not? I'm assuming not.
For prod, there is currently one.
Uh, it's already configured.
Yeah, and it was, it's working.
Patrick just has tested it before.
For the group.
What do you mean?
Yeah,
we have configured the Bode key on test
and prod, and they are working, so...
So is there an entry ID group in prod for
new disposition then?
Yes, I think.
Okay.
Ron, cheque it when you're there,
so you just see if we can see if it's all
Yeah, of course.
ready to go.
I promise you that it is instantly found
it.
Hmm.
Okay, then,
regarding your other questions you had,
Regarding the Cloud Run function,
ABN 1060,
due to the split of the non-split of the
or the split of the environment,
we use the same function to collect the
changes for ABN and for
Um, UAT, yeah.
UHM. Okay, that's fine.
And then regarding production,
there were some good questions.
So basically, how are we...
You want to say something?
Like, while we are on the topic,
if it is fine, Max,
because we just discussed like the whole
cloud run and the CTC process,
like today we were able to test it with
ABN 1060. It seemed to be working,
we were able to properly catch the
changes from ABN 1060 and apply them to...
UIT, the only issue,
the only problematic thing we observed
with the whole CDC process was the speed
in which the events are getting into the
bucket.
Basically like with the stream setup,
it was around 2 minutes or something
until the event comes.
But.
Into the bucket,
which was causing the delay.
Once the event hits the bucket,
it's almost instantly into, but, like,
what is the problematic part is the
stream and the, like,
Okay.
the event can be captured and provided to
the bucket,
and I mean this is something which I
guess stream does, so, like,
if we can investigate it.
Art, because I think that two,
like the initial metrics which I am aware
of, were like different. Matthias,
correct me if I work on this one.
No, well, the stream,
UAT stream reads off the active log in
Oracle,
so it doesn't read off the archive log.
It should be pretty instant.
Oh, okay, because like for the...
There might there might be a latency on
the infrastructure,
but that the stream would catch that up.
There's obviously not a lot going on in
Yeah.
UAT really, if you think about it.
So there shouldn't be an issue.
I can have a look.
Okay, yeah, we will cheque on you,
but like what right now we are just like
testing this on the ABN, right?
Because like this is the only, yeah.
OK, OK, sorry, sorry.
I thought it was on UAT. OK, we're on ABN.
Yeah.
OK, so ABN, yeah, yeah, OK,
so there's a latency in ABN,
Yeah, yeah.
so is that what we're saying?
I mean, I mean, yeah, I mean,
it was like around 2 minutes or two
minutes or something until the event hits
the bucket. So yeah, we can,
if we can cheque like why this is the
case and potentially just fix it or avoid
it, at least for UAT, it would be nice.
OK, did we did we not?
I thought we implemented a a patch thing
that you guys are using by query a
trigger and a query.
Sorry.
I thought we deployed that.
Ohh yeah,
but this was this was for the data stream,
In a bit.
I think, right, Matthias?
Not for stream.
Well, well, I know, I'm confused now.
So are we on 1060 or are we on 1034?
Okay, okay, yeah,
just just to like summarise on on Postgre
Yeah, yeah, go on.
on Postgre like we're using data stream,
right?
And we noticed those issues with the like
the whole files on the Postgres and like
the replication slots not stopping
functioning.
Right, yeah, correct, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah.
This is why we deployed the solution
there for for the Postgres only.
Right.
Yes.
And like for stream,
we are using the same approach with the
bucket and everything. I mean,
with the bucket is being filled and we
are properly capturing the event
afterwards. The issue is, as I mentioned,
is that like it takes quite some time for
the event to end up in the bucket.
So yeah,
that should be checked like why this
Ohh.
latency occurs where it's some.
Red, white.
Stop.
But it's some like configuration of
stream or I don't know exactly not what
the case might be.
But yeah.
Yeah, sorry, I'm back now.
So to answer the question,
the intermediate solution,
temporary solution was only for Postgres.
Okay, okay, okay, sorry.
It could be migrated,
but I would start with an investigation
Oh.
of why stream is so I think there are
some possibilities to improve it.
Okay.
That's the first step before jumping into
this one,
because it's really not production ready,
right? It was just to on the test.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I understand. I raise, raise a bug,
So.
raise a bug and assign it to me and I'll
have a look at, I'll have a look tonight.
Exactly, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
With.
Okay, yeah,
but the good thing is that you want for
Oracle,
like it seems to be working and it seems
to be working properly.
Yeah, yeah.
So, yeah.
Yeah, just, that's good,
that's good to hear 'cause the I did a
deployment checker script that I have
that I run on the database, so if we,
for example,
when we're ready to deploy into prod.
We've got that same script that we can
basically deploy into prod to make sure
that it's all,
everything is there as expected,
views are there, etcetera, etcetera. So,
yeah, it's.
It's good to hear that the script has
confirmed that it's working.
It doesn't run the functions,
just to be clear all the procedures,
it just cheques that things are there.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
What does it cheque precisely, Matt?
Because we have something like that as
Okay.
well.
I can share it one second.
Daub.
I know, and got it up.
Hang on, am I still on the VM? Oh,
it's on the VM. Here we go,
let's cheque this, so...
I'll just share my screen one sec.
The.
There's some tinkering that I'm doing.
But effectively.
Okay.
It runs through not just the stuff needed
for new display,
but stuff that's also deployed alongside
it.
Now, what I checked,
and this is only to come up with the
version two, so this is like 81 on ABN.
Is that so it cheques the current user,
what schemes are there, takes that,
and then...
It moves it through to then go, right,
what objects have we got that we can see,
that the bridge user can see?
So I connect as the bridge user and it
runs a select on the relevant places and
then it brings back.
Yeah, it brings back the stairs.
Now some of the packages,
just to be clear, like this VTA one.
That's a view that doesn't actually,
you guys don't,
the bridge doesn't need access to,
but it works as expected because it's not
Mhm.
effectively there.
Then this package element here.
And I need to,
this is why I need to tweak it a little
bit,
so all of these packages are deployed
alongside.
the changes for you guys off a new dispo.
Now, the bridge can't see these,
but because it has access to the views
and, oh sorry, the user,
the TMS bridge user,
because you can't see these,
it doesn't necessarily mean it's an issue
because
the, let's say, parent.
access at the parent in Oracle then gives
you access to the Oracle to the child
Yeah.
objects underneath it.
So I just need to tweak it a little bit.
Mhm.
So because this is a bit misleading that
it that it says that it's missing.
It's that it's not missing. Like PTA,
for example, is definitely not missing.
Yeah, hopeful enough.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, this is again this.
Yeah, good. I mean, that's it. Sorry,
sorry, didn't interrupt you.
No, I was just saying this is it,
which is all it is here.
That's great. I mean,
I think it's a good counterpart to what
we do for the dispose side of things,
right? We don't care about internals,
Yeah.
you do.
So we just cheque all the TMS interfaces
against the database,
literally any instance,
and get a report about 6 levels.
with the levels being,
does the object exist?
Level 2 is the type correct,
function versus procedure,
is the signature correct?
Do we have the permission as the bridge
user?
Are the columns fine by name and type?
Mm-hmm.
And then it does an additional step,
which of these.
probably not need it.
It's called the drift.
In.
If columns are in the database that are
not used in the code,
it's like additional stuff that's
reported as well.
Yeah, I think, yeah, I think it's good.
And then we can run this on an instance
and get the feedback.
Correct, yeah, yeah, it's good.
It's a double, it's a double check,
let's say.
Like I wouldn't be saying to you guys
cheque it if I wasn't confident they were
there. So yeah,
I think the biggest unknown is the call
procedure calls, the function calls.
And Joachim, I'll set you,
I'm going to set some time up with you.
probably on Wednesday and then with
Thomas and we just agree when we want to
effectively deploy the patches into and
create the scripts to deploy the changes
into UAT that you've done for those bug
fixes for example and when we want to do
that basically.
Normally,
we do this when tests are finished and
You do.
Okay.
Yep.
all change sets are get from the QS.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's fine.
I think it's the, yeah, we can do it.
Um, okay.
I just want to know if we want to do a
small step or we just want to wait and
then do a big step.
It's totally up to you guys.
Main problem is that we need UAT
environments to be patchable.
Yakup.
If there is a problem outside by at KVN,
we need one environment or a set of
environment to create a patch.
and to be able to test the patch. So,
UAT is only deployed when immediately
before deploying it towards the last step,
the final test, and
Afterwards,
it will be after mostly short instance
that time to the to the productive
environment.
So, I'm against to to deploy it now.
Yeah, yeah. Well,
we're going to we're going to we're going
to need to do something in the next
couple of weeks,
so that it's either going to be this week
or next week, really,
that we'll start this risk, basically.
But Thomas has separated the pipeline,
Mm.
so we're only we're only jeopardising or
introducing risk onto 1060.
The other production branches should.
Be OK if we have,
if we have to do a patch.
If...
Kamp.
I've spoke to Christian about it and he's
okay with it. And well, we're only,
hopefully we'll only have the risk for a
number of weeks until we push the config
out to all the branches.
What was the topic?
Florian.
Just on the pipeline method of UAT.
So we've had to separate the two
production pipelines. So if we,
because we, because the patch for, sorry,
the version, let's call it that,
for new disposition and the deployment
process, because it has a lot of
some universe recompiles and obviously
database objects. We are creating a,
Mmh.
let's say, a single track for 1060.
So if there is an issue or what Joachim
is raising now, and Joachim,
please correct me if I'm wrong, is that
If we do have an issue in uniface,
for example,
where we have to deploy a patch to all of
the production instances,
is that effectively 1060 will be a couple
of patches above, obviously,
because you've got new display patches or
new display version,
Yeah.
it'll be a couple of versions above.
everywhere else,
so we've had to separate out the
pipelines until we bring it all back
together and merge it into one place.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, yeah, but well fills this gap,
right?
So we have one pipeline for the 1060
world and one pipeline for the remaining
Uhh...
production world.
It would, it fixes the database subjects,
it does not fix the uniface config,
which is the main problem.
Joachim, is that correct? That's correct,
isn't it?
Yep.
Yeah.
We've not solved that yet.
The uniface objects is still done through
the QS app. They're still deployed by Mr.
Paulus. Yeah.
Yeah.
We're just,
and it's just the other topic is we're
configuring or we're starting the, sorry,
the build of Liquid Base.
So that's an automatic pipeline database
objects deployment tool that got built
last week and we're just starting to,
on tomorrow we will start to look at how
we get it connected to the Oracle
repository.
and do automated deployments between
versions. So that should be in place.
very soon. I don't want to,
I'm not giving you a timeline because at
the moment there is a high risk,
let's say if we don't use it,
but I also don't want to introduce the
change of saying, yeah,
we're going to use liquid base for
production because it will inadvertently,
Mhm.
I definitely feel it will bring us more
work to make sure it's working as
expected.
For prod, anywhere.
Yeah.
Alright,
so second attempt talking about prod and
going live.
Yeah.
Um...
Patrick,
what is your expectation when we are
saying we are going live?
What is expected going to happen?
Are we talking about actual users testing
the app and working with the app?
Or is it you and Max having a final
cheque and then you decide to get other
users onto it?
At the moment I would say Max and I will
have a deeper look into if everything
works.
And if we are fine,
then we will let other users in.
Okay,
so this means when we are going live,
we have a very low risk in general.
That nah,
this this this this can't be the
Of course.
assumption.
Go live means we are ready for productive
I mean.
users.
It means that this this guy uses the tool.
This.
That has to be the goal.
Anything else is not a goal.
So, Max,
are you trying to talk about technical
Dam.
steps towards this goal line moment? Or,
okay,
Yakup.
because this is a few steps aligned after
each other, right? Started discussing.
Yakup.
And just wanted to know when would...
Well...
Töppe.
Just wanted to know when we're talking
about a go live date,
and since there's this end of June in the
room,
and we're not talking about a date where
we actually want to deploy, or not deploy,
but have this go live. First,
what it means, and 2nd, what is expected.
And, uh, what's...
Are the risks?
All this go live.
So I've got,
I have my opinion and just on,
Correct.
Okay.
and this is after speaking to Max and
Patrick a couple of weeks,
Yeah.
a few weeks ago.
So the initial test Max will do with
Patrick is with production data.
So, from an infrastructure perspective.
A.
Move forward into a CSV format,
and then they'll move forward to the
canal MS order,
and then and sort of go through that
All right.
entire piece, so...
Sorry, can you repeat that? What exactly?
Which?
So the how the orders are getting in from
a TMS perspective is that is how they're
Oh.
going to effectively slowly approach
enabling this from its production data.
Mhm.
So the that so that's the risk element
that Max is handling with the branch and
Patrick probably.
But then from our perspective.
as in from a, let's say, well,
P3 and a cow perspective is we need to
have all of the infrastructure up,
running, tested, and monitoring on.
We need to have connectivity pipes,
making sure that things are talking to
each other. So that, from my perspective,
it wouldn't matter if...
Patrick or Max were testing it.
or if a production user of 1000 people
was testing it,
we'd need to make sure that everything
was, yeah, connected, pushed on.
Up to the latest version, etcetera,
etcetera.
Yeah, exactly. If I may pick up here,
it's where we started with literally the
Yeah.
technical steps that lead towards users
being able to use the app.
Yeah,
I've tried to add a risk column to it,
but maybe we should have a little sync on
that in a smaller group.
What exact steps you see on your end,
and then we can make this a complete list
and literally we can then calculate
backwards from this last line.
in days and then see.
Uh, all it must fit in the schedule.
Because these things have to happen.
And they can partially happen
independently,
and partially they are dependent on us.
Or just have a look at this.
It's also on the Wiki page.
You can just go through it,
add your thoughts, add your steps.
Then we can talk about it in tomorrow's
daily.
And we don't need an extra meeting.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah, it does, it does.
It's just the age-old thing of going.
So we've obviously we've not touched
anything to do with production right now.
And as Joachim says,
we want to leave that.
I'm not saying to as late as possible,
but in reality,
we all need to be confident that
everything is working as expected in ABN,
everything is working as expected in UAT.
O.
Mhm.
At the moment,
I'm assuming we're targeting at the end
Okay.
of the week for ABN.
Is that a true statement? Obviously,
pending Joachim fixing these bugs and the
guys getting together. It's only Monday.
Is that the current target?
Anyone.
That would be my expectation.
Okay, okay.
That's.
Once we have basically Boyan and Joachim.
Yeah, yeah, wait together, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, okay.
A fix this, this is, yeah, I mean,
it's all about those.
Box being finally resolved.
Mm.
Correct, correct, correct.
And.
Please, Boyan or Joachim,
if you have any doubts to this.
Estimation.
But those bugs can be resolved until the
end of the week.
Well, Max,
they need to be done before and then
retested. So let's say that.
Yeah, okay, then.
But...
Name it Thursday.
Okay.
I'm not sure if you, yeah.
Well, well, basically, it's not like,
like we are deliberately not fixing those
bugs. I mean, we're trying our best here.
So, but yeah, I mean, like this,
this can be like an estimation,
like we are doing our best on both sides.
I know you're like for both of us,
for both sides, we are doing our best.
Just to make this happen properly, and uh,
yeah, I mean...
Mm-hmm.
As an estimation,
I think it's good enough.
So my next question is going to be is,
and this is,
is there anything stopping us,
and this is obviously pending a fix from
a key club, the entry ID perspective,
which is on Ron,
but is there anything stopping us by the
end of this week,
just making sure that Patrick and Max
are doing let's say they're happy path
tests in UAT.
Is it worth doing that or are the bugs
that we've got outstanding not would
block that effectively?
They would block that.
Okay, okay, fine. No, this is an idea.
So,
because the route calculation is a key
Oh.
element, and if this is not resolved,
it doesn't make sense to have heavy path
testing.
OK,
does that does that route calculation not
depend on the X server,
or is that something different?
Because that's not gonna, yeah, OK, OK.
That's correct.
OK, fine. So,
going back up to the timeline piece. So,
if we target,
let's say ABN is complete this week,
Friday,
then we'll need a day to make sure that
the UAT environment is deployed with the
latest patches. So,
that's the fixes Joachim does this week
from a database perspective,
and there might be some things that you
guys need to do as well.
Shi.
from a deployment perspective,
obviously yours is a little bit easier
than ours. So say that's Monday,
so then we're into...
Actually, that's the first of July.
Sorry, no, next week, sorry,
not on the 1st of July. We then,
we Patrick and sorry, yeah,
Patrick and Max by Sam can then start to
be looking at UAT from next Tuesday if we
if we go happy path.
And that's assuming they'll take a week.
That's till Tuesday,
and then we're at the 1st of July,
and then we'll be deploying into prod.
Patrick.
Is there a preferred day that we turn
this on in production?
Yakup.
Mm.
Not really. I mean,
I can speak to Max if he has a preferred
date, but...
Just.
For any productive reasons,
I don't think so, no.
Okay, fine. Well,
I'm assuming he's going to be there,
so we might need to just cheque work with
his calendar because obviously we were
meant to be going live probably, yeah,
next week.
So he might have to shuffle himself
around a little bit if he's going to be
there at the beginning of July.
And let's assume he's not got it booked
off. OK.
So I would say,
let's do this backward calculation as
Florian, yes.
Right.
proposed, add your steps,
and then tomorrow we can bring it to
paper.
Yeah.
A line again.
Yeah,
because I'm only estimating what we need
to do,
but I'm assuming Nikolay has got a few
things to do and yeah,
a few more bits to check.
Kamp.
And do we need to deploy a new version of
the bridge?
Sure.
For Braun.
There has been changes today, so...
So, hang on, for prod Max, yeah, for prod,
yeah,
I.
because obviously it's been utilised for
Cloud for Log at the moment, that's all.
As far as I'm aware,
Cloud for Log's not in production,
I...
as Christian mentioned today, so,
but we probably do need to tell them that
we need a little outage to deploy a new
version of the bridge.
It's not just Platform Lock,
it's EPV as well.
Okay.
So that would be an important step on
your end. Pascal was owning that,
Absolutely.
so it's really good to talk about that,
I guess.
Why on all our side?
Yeah.
Because we have a little outage in that
you're in deployment phase of TMS Bridge,
the EBV system should know about it,
I guess, right?
What means a little outage phase?
So how long are we talking about?
So.
Oh.
In the best case,
it's just a few milliseconds or seconds.
Good.
But of course it is.
A change in the production system,
and I think it's worth aligning with all
Right.
consumers.
No.
Did we have any changes on the EBV
methods or just on your aspects?
That's weird.
I mean,
we did not on the EBV specific things,
but nevertheless,
it's a change on an artefact in product.
Yeah, that's right,
but if we are sure that we don't impact
Um...
EBV, then it's up to us.
If we are uncertain in that direction,
Okay.
then we have to do the full ABN cycle,
including the external party who is doing
the EBV thing, and then we need to accept
date that we can communicate to other
partners.
Mmh.
Yeah.
Then, question is probably...
As we, oh,
we we did the APM configuration right.
So then we can cheque that again to be
really certain what the latest status is
in that APM configuration,
because that defines which endpoints are
used in the bridge.
And then we can quickly verify if that's
untouched.
I think that's a good cheque to do.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's not good.
For Melanie.
Oh yeah,
and you have your hand raised for quite
But.
some time already.
Yeah, just something important to chat.
I think we should also discuss, like,
once we have the UAT available and, like,
for like everything done for both sides,
I think it makes sense just to run the
same testing which we run on ABN from QA
point of view,
just to verify that everything is as
expected.
to and everything has been deployed
correctly,
both from database and code site.
I mean,
this makes sense for me just before we
Mhm.
actually ask, like,
Patrick and Max to start testing this
from their point of view,
just to make sure that everything is
exactly as we have it on ABN.
I mean on UAT as well, so yeah.
How long do we want?
How long will that take? Do you think,
Bert?
Well,
I would say that it depends whether they
find something or not,
but basically if we don't find something,
I mean, normally, like Max,
correct me if I'm wrong here,
because like you were in the
communication process of the whole thing,
but it was around two, three days,
something like this, right?
Yeah,
that would have been my number as well.
Okay.
But again, well, let's, I'm sorry,
I'm just writing down the numbers and
stuff. So yeah, okay,
let's see how we get on with this week.
And then ultimately,
the call needs to be made.
And if the risk is going,
we move into UAT and we don't do those
checks.
Or we do them in parallel,
let's say with Max and Patrick doing
their process cheques then.
Yeah, Patrick,
how much more like process work is Anna
doing and Max likely to do? Are they,
are we doing what they'll be doing in ABN
or will they do something different?
Not sure if you,
if I'm understanding you correctly,
I'm assuming we have the same processes
on port that we are already testing right
now.
Have we asked them?
Ohh.
What?
Have we asked them?
Have we asked them if they, if we do,
have we confirmed that we're doing the
same thing that they'll do?
Are they gonna do some more?
I mean,
I can ask him again if there are any
special processes in 1060,
if you mean something like that.
Well, I'm just trying to figure out is if,
for example...
The risk going into UAT is,
and like Buhan's perspective is,
if we've tested everything as it should
be in ABN,
and we're as a technology function,
let's call it that,
happy to say to the business,
right business, go and crack on,
knowing that we've done everything that
they are going to do,
then we can go into UAT with quite high
confidence that
It should pass and they shouldn't find
any bugs.
But if,
if there's some nuance or different
exploratory testing that they want to do,
or yeah, let's let's...
We should be asking them the question if
they want to go above and beyond or if
they're going to load test it or if
they're going to try and get 10 to 15
people testing it at the same time.
I'm assuming we haven't done that. Yeah.
Yeah, man, that's true.
The only thing that we have done is we've
tested with, yeah,
like three people at the same time.
Bert.
These are just little risks,
that's all we should need calling out.
I think this is what, if we can,
if Max has a plan of what he wants to do,
and if we've done a lot of that work
already in ABN,
then we should collectively,
once we know ABN is good,
be confident we can go into UHC.
If, if,
if we've done a sliver of what I'm not
too worried about the user bit 'cause
it's been it's built on Cloud Run and uh.
Should scale automatically.
How many users in probably be using it?
Wait, let me cheque if I can.
Answered it.
Right now.
I know about one, two, three, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Okay.
But might be more.
Okay.
If you just said 200,
I'd have been worried,
but I think it'd be fine.
Okay.
Ohh.
So I think if we can ask Max just on what
does he need to do his tests completely
and what does him and Anna need?
Because I'm assuming Anna's helping him
as well. And then we go from there.
Mhm.
Okay.
All right, then.
Oh.
Next step is this little mini roadmap,
right? Calculating back from the life.
And everything else that was just
discussed public,
can you share the transcript again?
Yeah,
I will send you both after this meeting.
Thanks.
Ohh.
It's not.
It.
Okay.
Mhm.
And last but not least,
when it comes to responsibility of the
Right.
Oh.
prod deployments,
you have asked that in your mail as well.
Who is owning what procedure and what
task? And
My assumption would be the same as we do
for UAT,
because if we're not doing the same
behavior,
this would not be the correct approach,
correct?
Yeah,
we just need to figure out about the
alerting and monitoring and there's a
bigger topic there,
but that also needs what alerting can we
set up and who's doing it?
That's a good point.
Another swimming, please, yeah.
All right.
Kirst.
Then, Nikolay,
can you have you tried the fix Ron
proposed?
Yeah, just tried it and I'm logged in,
so it should work.
Okay,
is it already deployed or basically that
Patrick, for example, can try it out?
And.
Yes, I think.
Do we?
Okay, so Patrick,
if you could just cheque on UAT,
Buts.
if you can log in,
that would be tremendous.
Yeah,
but just found out that something is
wrong with the UAT.
Yeah.
Check.
Okay, but this we can do.
afterwards as well.
Yeah, look,
let's let's it's coming to 5:00.
Yeah.
I can log in now on UHE.
Let's get the devs talking, yeah,
and get that finished up, and then...
Again, what?
There were three people talking.
I think let's drop,
let's let Joachim and Ivana and Buian
chat about the bugs that are open,
just because we're coming to the day.
That's all.
Correct. All right, then. Thanks,
everyone.
But.
Thanks, everyone.
Bye-bye.
Thank you. Bye. Bye-bye.
Thanks, bye.
Anyway.